feat(nextjs): Add Next.js docs (#3319)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/javascript.nextjs.mdx

<Note>

> _Sentry's Next.js SDK enables automatic reporting of errors and exceptions._

Reviewer: Isn't Performance monitoring included as well?

Author: Yes, but I didn't include it in the docs since it isn't finished yet. This will be updated when it's done, and maybe additional pages.

</Note>

Features:

- Automatic [Error Tracking](/product/issues/) with Source Maps for both JavaScript and TypeScript
- Events [enriched](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/context/) with device data

> - [Breadcrumbs](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/) created for outgoing `http` request with XHR and Fetch; UI and system events; and console logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Breadcrumbs](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/) created for outgoing HTTP requests with XHR and Fetch, UI and system events, and console logs
```

- [Release Health](/product/releases/health/) tracks crash free users and sessions
- Under the hood the SDK relies on our [React SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/) on the frontend and [Node SDK](/platforms/node) on the backend, which makes all functions available for React and Node also available in this SDK

> - On Device symbolication for JavaScript (in Debug)

Reviewer: Should this read `On-device`?  cc @PeloWriter

@iker-barriocanal what does "in Debug" mean here?

Author: This shouldn't be here, removing it.

<Note>

_Sentry's Next.js SDK enables automatic reporting of errors and exceptions._

</Note>

Features:

- Automatic [Error Tracking](/product/issues/) with Source Maps for both JavaScript and TypeScript
- Events [enriched](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/context/) with device data
- [Breadcrumbs](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/) created for outgoing HTTP request with XHR and Fetch, and console logs
- [Release Health](/product/releases/health/) tracks crash free users and sessions
- Under the hood the SDK relies on our [React SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/) on the frontend and [Node SDK](/platforms/node) on the backend, which makes all functions available for React and Node also available in this SDK

> <Alert level="warning" title="Based on the Next.js plugin system">
> 
> The SDK relies on the experimental plugin system of Next.js.
> Changes to the plugin system may prevent the SDK from working as expected.
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer 2: Edited to use most standard wording:
```suggestion
<Note>

The SDK relies on the experimental plugin system of Next.js. Changes to the plugin system may prevent the SDK from working as expected. We recognize the irony.

</Note>
```

You can also add a link to a GH Issue or feedback area if useful (as we do [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/discussions/1016))
